<!--
 Copyright © 2024 IAV GmbH Ingenieurgesellschaft Auto und Verkehr, All Rights Reserved.
 
 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at
 
 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
 
 SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# Deprecation
- Until this version CSS selectors using the CSS attribute data-theme could be used to implement the dark mode for custom components. This attribute was deprecated and will be removed in 12.0.0 since it will be replaced by the attribute color-theme.

# Features
- The option hideUserIcon was added to the header options in order to allow for hiding the user icon inside the header.
- The option disableLogin was added to the properties of the UILayer component in order to allow for using the framework without login and logout.
- The option disableCookieBanner was added to the properties of the UILayer component in oder to allow for hiding the provided cookie banner / disclaimer.
- The option hideLanguageSelection was added to the settings menu options in order to allow for hiding the language selection. Furthermore the options fallbackLang and initialLang were introduced in order to allow for specifying the initial and the fallback language.

# Other minor changes
- Updated the default imprint.

# Bug fixes
- As PrimeReact's menu component contained a bug older framework versions use an old version of PrimeReact. However, this bug was fixed with a new version of PrimeReact. Because of this the PrimeReact version used by the framework was updated.
- There was a bug regarding the login form's input fields. There were cases in which the input field's background color would not adapt corretly when using the dark mode. This bug was fixed.
- The framework provides CSS classes for colors. However, a class was missing which is added with this release. This is: color-blue-0.
- There were cases in which a scroll bar appeared for the whole page. The cause of this issue was a bug inside the navigation bar. This bug was fixed.
- The gap between the info icon and the bottom of the navigation bar was too large when the navigation bar was static and collapsed. This bug was fixed.