<!--
 Copyright © 2024 IAV GmbH Ingenieurgesellschaft Auto und Verkehr, All Rights Reserved.
 
 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at
 
 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
 
 SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
-->

# Changes regarding the imprint
- You are now able to replace the imprint in order to display a customized list of legal documents. To do this use the *documentsComponent* property of the *UILayer* component. If you don't specify an own component, the framework will display the default imprint as until this release.
- You are now able to replace the *Imprint* text at the bottom of the navigation bar. To do this use the *documentsLabelKey* property of the *UILayer* component. The string has to be the key of translations which are specified in your translation files. If you don't specify *documentsLabelKey*, the framework will display the translation for "Imprint" as until this release.
- Examples for both functionalities have been added to the example project.

# Refactored content layout
- Content component can now be configured to use different layout base classes (NONE, GRID, FLEX, FLEX_COL) 
- Implemented ContentCell for cells inside a grid in content area

# Bug fixes
- Fixed a bug which caused redirection from any manually typed in URL to the "starting point" if logged in.

# Changes regarding the authentication system
- The optional property *additionalContextItems* has been added to *DummyAuthenticationProvider*. By using this property you are able to pass additional values and functions which will be shared using the context *auth*. Please read the documentation for further information.
- The *AWSAuthenticationProvider* in the example project has been replaced with the *DummyAuthenticationProvider*.

# Other changes
- If the user clicks the link to see the legal documents in the authentication view, a new tab will be opened.